docs: include example of a locked computed value (#2125)
copier-org/copier: docs/faq.md

See [advanced prompt formatting docs][advanced-prompt-formatting]. If you need more
power, see [below][how-can-i-alter-the-context-before-rendering-the-project].

## How to "lock" a computed value?

When you want to ensure that a computed value is set or locked during project initialization,
for example if you want to store a dynamically computed `copyright_year` but ensure that it doesn't

> change upon later copier template updates, you can combine the above `default` and `when:false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
change upon later Copier template updates, you can combine the `default` and `when: false`
```

🤓

> configuration while also explicitly saving the value into your `{{ _copier_conf.answers_file }}.jinja`.

Reviewer: Perhaps more descriptive and with a link?

```suggestion
configuration while also explicitly saving the value into your [answers file][the-copier-answersyml-file].
```

Author: ```suggestion
configuration while also explicitly dumping the value to yaml with the [answers_file](/configuring/#the-copier-answersyml-file).
```

> configuration while also explicitly dumping the value to yaml with the [answers_file](/configuring/#the-copier-answersyml-file).

Author: ```suggestion
configuration while also explicitly dumping the value to yaml with the [answers_file](configuring.md#the-copier-answersyml-file).
```
